MBS-8790 Add ScreenChecks.kt documentation (#470)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/docs/test/ScreenChecks.md

> # Screen checks

Reviewer: What about https://avito-tech.github.io/avito-android/docs/test_framework/testframework/#screenchecks ?
Will you replace that text by the link?

Author: I didn't know about the existance of that page. Will merge them

`Screen` is abstraction that represents `Activity`, `Fragment` or `View` in tests. \

> `Screen` has a property `checks` of type `ScreenChecks` with single function `isScreenOpened` \ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Screen` has a property `checks` of type `ScreenChecks` with single function `isScreenOpened`. \ 
```

> `ScreenChecks` has a property `checkOnEachScreenInteraction` which is responsible for: If we shall execute `isScreenOpened` on each interaction with `ViewElement` on that `Screen` \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ScreenChecks` has a property `checkOnEachScreenInteraction`. It makes automatic execution `isScreenOpened` on each interaction with `ViewElement` on that `Screen`. \
```
I'd prefer to split two ideas into two sentences.

> Default behavior is:

Reviewer: How about to show default values by the code?

- `Screen.checks` type is `StrictScreenChecks`
- `checkOnEachScreenInteraction` value is `false`
- `isScreenOpened` checks if `rootView.id` equals to `Screen.rootId` 

> ## How to use ScreenChecks directly?

Reviewer: Also here. Do we have anything to explain why do we need to check it manually?
Maybe some antipatterns when it's not necessary.

Author: Done

```kotlin
import com.avito.android.screen.Screen

val screen: Screen = TODO("Logic for initializing your Screen")
screen.checks.isScreenOpened()
```

> ## How to customize `isScreenOpened` check

Reviewer: It'd be good to add a short explanation about reasons to do so.

Author: Done

> ### Write fully custom check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Write a custom check
```
It seems that "fully custom" no different from "custom".

```kotlin
import com.avito.android.screen.Screen

class MyScreen : Screen {
  
  override val checks = MyScreenChecks()  
  
  class MyScreenChecks : ScreenChecks {
    
   override fun isScreenOpened() {
     TODO("Your check logic")      
   }

  }      
}
```

> ### Extend from existent check on `rootId`

Reviewer: Is it a recommended way for customization? 
If so, It might be good to explain the motivation when to use a custom check

Author: I don't know concrete scenarios. But I've added explanation that you should customize this logic if it's not enough for you

```kotlin
import com.avito.android.screen.Screen

class MyScreen : Screen {
  
  override val checks = MyScreenChecks()  
  
  class MyScreenChecks(screen: Screen) : StrictScreenChecks(screen = screen) {
    
   override fun isScreenOpened() {
     super.isScreenOpened()      
     TODO("Your check logic")      
   }

  }      
}
```

## How to make `isScreenOpened` executes on each interaction with `ViewElement`s

> ### Extend your `ScreenChecks` from `StrictScreenChecks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Extend your `ScreenChecks` from `StrictScreenChecks`
```
It looks like a step by step tutorial. Let's make an order.

Author: But they are not steps but independent strategies.

Reviewer: I see

```kotlin
import com.avito.android.screen.Screen

class MyScreen : Screen {
  
  override val checks = MyScreenChecks()  
  
  class MyScreenChecks(screen: Screen) : StrictScreenChecks(screen = screen, checkOnEachScreenInteraction = true /*true by default*/) {}      
}
```

That's all `StrictScreenChecks` enable `checkOnEachScreenInteraction`

> ### Override `checkOnEachScreenInteraction` in your `ScreenChecks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Override `checkOnEachScreenInteraction` in your `ScreenChecks`
```
